we're gonna let you go okay okay what
are you gonna do now I thought I'd move
out to Las Vegas just need some cash
tonight please don't drink it in here
Ben wasn't looking for a fresh start
five hundred five hundred dollars for a
93 Rolex Daytona I'll do it
he wasn't looking for any trouble I was
wondering if you would buy me a drink do
you mind if I buy a drink and he wasn't
trying to fall in love with me you're so
cute
I'm really good in bed - believe me no
okay but now on the road to nowhere
he's about to take a detour are you
working working what do you mean working
I'm walking it's pretty funny if you'll
come to my room for one hour I will give
you 500 dollars
I'm gonna love you I'm Ben I'm Sara so
brings you to Las Vegas I came here to
drink myself to death why don't you stay
at my place okay this is the home of an
angel are you okay
of course well are you looking extremely
beautiful I do I want you to see a
doctor
both no I'm the drunk
then I know what you do these the full
night's work I hope you understand that
a person who is totally it is with this
I was really worried about how that
would be
[Music]
Nicholas Cage I am NOT here to force my
twisted soul into your life love was
here
Elisabeth Shue United Artists Pictures
presents a romance as unexpected as love
itself Cosmopolitan magazine raves
Nicholas Cage is electrifying vogue
calls Elizabeth's shoes performance a
career-changing revelation and Rex Reed
exclaims cage and shoe are heartbreaking
and honest in Oscar caliber performances
I like it here with you stay for a while
[Music]
Viva Las Vegas
you
[Music]